Congrats on leveling up, heros!
You’re one step closer to legend status!
New level, new challenges ahead!
Keep going, the top is waiting!
Another stage of power unlocked, congrats!
Saiyan spirit unlocked, next stage reached!
Seine Kampfkraft liegt über 9000
Er furzt Feuerbälle, Alter.
Sha k barygam, a potom po babam
Chiki-briki, pal'chik vykin
Dostalo uzhe vso eto
Zielt auf die Trolle!
Your blade shines brighter, your will stands stronger!
By Elven light and Dwarven stone, you rise higher!
Level up – as unyielding as Gondor, as timeless as Rivendell!
Your spirit endures, your power grows!
Another level, another step toward legend in Middle-earth!
A level up worthy of a king returned!
The light of the stars shines upon your new path!
May this level carry you further than even Eagles dare!
Continue, Continue, Continue
For sure they got carried by Phantoms in PW
That’s a speedrun to the next power tier!
Congrats, you just pressed start on a new level!
From noob to pro – your stats keep climbing!
Level cleared, high score rising!
I've gotta get home! My kids are playing world of warcraft right now!
How do you kill that which has no life?
I just joined a big party of Night Elves and we're going to go and explore the Tower of Azora together.
I am socializing r-tard! I'm logged on to an MMORPG, with people from all over the world and getting XP with my party using teamspeak.
Behold, the Sword of a Thousand Truths. We must get this sword to the ones who have proven they have no life.
Congrats on leveling up. Your social life just leveled down.
Ding! Stronger in game, weaker in sunlight.
Congrats on leveling! Don’t forget to stretch those mouse fingers.
Congrats, your sleep schedule just got nerfed again.
Congrats, your XP bar just did a happy jump!
Congrats, your health bar just smiled.
Level up achieved – your mount neighs in excitement.
Another ding! Your armor is shining extra today.
Congrats, your spells now sparkle 20 percent brighter.
Ding! Your quest log is cheering for you.
Level up! Your pet just learned a victory dance.
Congrats, your stash of gold coins just started jingling louder.
Ding! The tavern bard is already writing a song about you.
Level up! Your healer is now officially out of mana… and patience.
Congrats, your chicken mount thinks it’s a dragon now. Good luck.
Ding! The Cube Dungeon mobs held a meeting… they all voted to uninstall.
Level up! Your pet just whispered, “Stop grinding, I’m tired too.”
Congrats, the Orc Boss put you on his block list.
Ding! Your inventory weight limit just laughed in your face.
Level up! Your belt pets are planning a strike.
Congrats, your guild chat just rolled their eyes in unison.
Ding! The Moonlight Dungeon witch said she’ll call in sick tomorrow.
Level up! Your loot pet is crying in the corner from overwork.
Congrats, your durability bar just gave up on life.
Ding! Horizon blacksmiths raised their repair prices after hearing about you.
Level up! Your mount says it wants a raise or a replacement.
Congrats, your angel pet just applied for early retirement.
Ding! Even the Laksy bridge started creaking louder.
Level up! The CV mobs would like to speak to your manager.
Congrats, your stamina bar just rage-quit.
Ding! Your party members typed “gz” faster than their skills ever cast.
